[miscale] Add clear impedance documentation (#1861)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/sensor/xiaomi_miscale.rst

  - **name** (**Required**, string): The name for the impedance sensor.
  - All other options from :ref:`Sensor <config-sensor>`.

> - **clear_impedance** (*Optional*): Clears the impedance information if a weight reading without impedance is received. **Only available on MiScale2**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **clear_impedance** (*Optional*): Clear the impedance information if a weight reading without impedance is received. Defaults to ``false``. **Only available on MiScale2**
```

>    Useful in the below example if a person steps onto the scale without waiting for the complete measurement. Without setting the flag the impedance reading of the measurement before will be used for the currently measured person.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Useful in the example below if a person steps onto the scale without waiting for the complete measurement. Without setting the flag the impedance reading of the measurement before will be used for the currently measured person.
```
